As the unique dynamic flashlight app, LEDsFlash let's you flash the LED of your iPhone 4 in four amazing ways: beat, shake, tap, and move!

1. 'Beat It' - Turns your iPhone 4 in a real disco light that flashes as it picks up music from the microphone (built-in, or headset).  But of course, also flashes at the clap of your hands, a spoken word, or whatever you can think of.  You can set the sensitivity according to music/sound type.

Additionally, LEDsFlash allows iPod (and other audio apps) play in the background on the speaker; to turn it into light instantly.

The advanced audio analyzer automatically adjusts to changing average sound levels in a second.  This makes that LEDsFlash works well for the full range of volumes, and fast changing sound levels.  It's for example intriguing to watch LEDsFlash pick up distant background sounds on a quiet evening.

2. 'Shake It' - Hold firmly in your hand and see the rhythm!  LEDsFlash flashes in response to sudden iPhone motion.  You can set the sensitivity.

Specific noise filtering is applied to iPhone's accelerometer data.  This creates solid flashes without slowing down response.

3. 'Tap It' - Use your iPhone 4 as signal light at parties or for other business.  Flashes as you tap on the screen, with one or more fingers.  You can set the duration of the flash time (from approximately 1/30 to 1/3 of a second).  When the duration slider is at the far left, the LED stays on as long as you touch the screen.  So yes, LEDsFlash can also be used as static flashlight.

4. 'Move It' - Gives you a motion controlled strobe light in your hand.  The strobe is directly controlled by how you move.  Surely this will wow you!  If you for example turn around your axis, LEDsFlash flashes as you go at precisely the speed you turn.  No matter how you turn your hand and body, there will always be flashes.  Makes you own the light show as you dance.  You can set the flash speed.

A smart algorithm processes the gyroscope data and linearly translates any rotation in an on-off stream of light.  Because a bodily movement is complex, and almost always contains turns in one or more axes, it's a challenge not to get flashes.  You could turn this into a 'steady hand' game.

Settings: A single organized settings window allows you to switch on/off and adjust each of the four flash inputs, and the way they interact.  As you'd expect, all settings are saved, and restored when you return to LEDsFlash.

Disclaimer: Continued use of the flash may dramatically decrease battery life.

Design: Minimalistic & modern, made to please the eye, and be easy to operate.  LEDsFlash had been well tested, and setting ranges were carefully chosen.  We'd love to hear your remarks & suggestions!

Advice: Go get and explore LEDsFlash; You will love it!